************************************************************
        * WARNING: this is not buildable source *
************************************************************
** This is a simple interface for the OpenAI API **
** By using this app you agree to take it AS-IS and **
** NOT hold the developer liable for your use of it **
The information and content provided through this
application is sent to the OpenAI API as-is, and we
do not assume any responsibility for its use or
outcome. By using this application, you
acknowledge that any results generated by the
OpenAI API are not endorsed or guaranteed by us.
************************************************************
                * OpenAI API Key NEEDED *
************************************************************

# ChatBotZ

This is Source for the ChatBotZ Android app available at https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.twinlunarstarz.chatbotz


ChatBotZ is a utility app that allows users to interface with the OpenAI API and explore the capabilities of the various models available. With ChatBotZ, users can generate text using GPT-3 and other models, create original images using DALL-E, and experiment with other features such as language translation. The app also includes an intuitive user interface that makes it easy for anyone to use, regardless of their technical expertise. With ChatBotZ, users can unleash their creativity and have fun with the powerful capabilities of the OpenAI API. Which is a great feature for the ones who are using it for business purposes or personal projects. Overall, ChatBotZ is a versatile and user-friendly app that makes it easy to access the potential of the OpenAI API. This is great to test out different models for a chat bot or even seeing how they will process text.
